This one.
Wait for grandma to wake up and talk later.
The first snow is late.
Go back and rest, I ll be there.
Okay.
Remember
It's this late.
Is it safe to walk alone?
I'm looking for him.
Snow, wake up.
She is my grandfather's fiancé.
Last time your grandfather saved you.
You can't do anything wrong with him.
The first snow.
Mr. Song, why are you here?
The cafe is closed early today.
The store is empty today.
On the way to pick you up from work.
Or are you good enough?
General Manager Guo, where's your secretary?
Where's your secretary?
This newly married couple is you.
All right, get out.
I haven't asked for details about last time.
Your new boss.
Is it interesting to you?
How is that possible?
Is it true? If it doesn't make sense to you
300 million watches
How to say damage is damage.
Want a penny of yours.
Is it really white hair?
Men understand men best.
Your boss definitely has intentions with you.